So why are you still friends with each other after all these years?
Because I think Jen's cool.
We... I'm not disagreeing with that.
I guess, well why would we be I suppose?
Because we got along in work
and although like we're doing very different things now
and that has an impact like on when we can meet up and stuff
like you were kids and I'm studying.
You'll have kids soon.
I'm going to have kids soon, yeah, which will change things again.
So it's made it difficult to stay in like close contact
because we were kind of operating in different like...
And I don't drive as well, I think if I drove it means yeah.
Because I could just bring you and Shavu or you two up too.
Yeah.
Come down for an hour like...
But it's not viable to come down for an hour when you don't drive
because this journey is what?
20 minutes from where I live in a car
but it's like 45 minutes on a train and then it's 20 minute walk.
So like it doesn't work out.
So if we see each other it's like on the weekends.
Yeah and it's for a couple of hours, isn't it?
Yeah we like do it, we're doing a thing.
I'm like seeing something or going somewhere
because of the practicalities.
Yeah.
But yeah, no...
Well I guess we've stayed in contact
because we enjoyed each other's company
and we both valued the friendship and the things we got from that.
And plus you're the best godmother ever.
And that.
Just be honest.
She loves her auntie Jen.
My godmother.
So yeah, you'll be living with her now, carry on.
Tell her that all the time.
She's like, I will move there.
I'm like, yeah I bet you would as well.
I'm waiting for her to knock on the door.
Come for an email, Vee.
She'll live with me then.
I'm not doing teenagers.
Give her a 480.